Overall, May The Forks B With You team did an excellent job for implementing the designed web application. We appreciated the experience of collaborating with each team member and endeavored to produce the product that perfectly matches our plan. 

Firstly, this valuable success cannot be separated from __successful techniques, conventions, and tools__. "Online Communication" is a chief practice we applied that benefit the productivity of our group work a lot. It allowed us to share our opinions about the details of implementation promptly and stay connected for discussions whenever we need. We can quickly reach each other if one of us encounter a major issue or difficulty. For example, several group members were once searching for the solutions to implement file uploading. The online communication created the opportunities to pool our findings together and choose the most efficient way, importing the Express-fileupload module, to realize the functions such as uploading profile pictures, posting image or word document and sharing pdf files in our web application. 

Division of tasks is another effective technique we adopted. Instead of the entire group co-working on the identical tasks throughout the entire project, we dispensed each task to one or two individual group member(s). This can let the individual member apply his or her specialty on the parts of the project that interest him or her. Also, this can avoid the conflicts between teammates caused by the different understandings each group member may have regarding a task since each member is only concerned about the task for which he or she is responsible. 

The centre of all our __problematic conventions/techniques/tools was inability to employ built-in modules of nodejs__. This happens primarily at the early phase of the project but end up snagging the team member lengthy time for problem solving. Some functions can be easily implemented if the appropriate modules of nodejs are imported. However, due to the inexperience of the programming language, some group members chose to realize the assigned features in their own solution. This led to the creation of big amount of code and consumption of additional hours. The velocities of the sprint 1 and 2 almost decreased because of this issue. Starting from sprint 2, we did online research more frequently so a few nodejs modules were studied and assisted our implementation of user stories such as obtaining tokens through the built-in mechanism of nodejs.

The integration of AWS Server, produced by Amazon, also encountered small errors. The time displayed in the server was usually inconsistent with the local time in Toronto which led the incorrect time to display in the chatroom. Later, we recognized that the time setting in AWS Server is the Pacific Time which is native to Vancouver and Seattle. However, the server itself is a very powerful tool that allows us to upload plenty of files and embed a database with large dimension. 

If we can continue to work as a team, our __ideal process__ is to plan out the user stories based on more details than how we did for this project. Then we will start early and keep in touch with every single team member through online social media like this time. The team members will manage to be more responsive to the text messages and emails regarding the project and feel more confident to suggest pertinent changes on either our designs or the particular implementations of the features. The group meetings are also expected to be arranged with the recent frequency. 

All of our members appreciate the chance to work with each other and look forward to coporating for new projects.