# Competition
**CourseConnect against the Competition**

Our key objective is to provide a free platform which students and their stakeholder can freely interact and improve academic successfulness. As of such, our web app is competing against major social apps such as Facebook, Blackboard, and Piazza. 

***Facebook***
allow students and their stakeholders to interact through the creation of Group Chat. However, because facebook is directly connected to user’s personal life, often user’s privacy is under concern. Furthermore, Group chat can either be open or close group. If it is the former then it can results in irrelevant people joining. If it is latter, than students in the course can possibly be rejected from entering the group.  Our product difference such that it is designed for students. It blocks irrelevant users from joining and allows all UofT students to join their course channel. Furthermore, it allows students to post anonymously which protects their privacy.  Facebook does not provide these features as it is a general social app. The people each user know from our app are mostly his or her classmates so the communications online will be more professional than the regular chats in Facebook. The primary goal of socialization in our web app is to share opinions regarding course materials instead of personal life. 

***Blackboard***
allow students to express their concern and ask questions about materials and the courses overall. However, Blackboard is a formal platform that doesn’t encourage the private chat between individual students. Almost every single thread publicized in Blackboard has to be open to the entire class and the instructor. This may lessen the direct interactions among students and won’t build a relaxing environment for the students to know and socialize with each other. Our product is promoted as a tool for professional discussion that allows the participants to start private chats with one and another or form group chats with individuals they want to converse friendly with. The overall atmosphere is less serious than Blackboard which makes our application a helpful tool to have academic-related discussion and know about classmates in person.  

***Piazza***
allows users to post questions and answers by creating new threads. However, private chats and posts only visible to an appointed classmate cannot be done at this platform. The posts made by the users are either anonymous to the entire course or have the name of the author displayed. Even if the posts are set to be anonymous by the author, the course instructors are still authorized to view the name of each individual student. Furthermore, Piazza is not a Free to Use product and requires license. Students that prefer Piazza may not have the option if the professor choose to not use it. Our product is completely free and will allow student users to start private chat or group chat with the selected group of people. This can help avoid the content of conversation being leaked. The posts made online can also be edited for the privacy setting hence the instructors may or may not be able to view every single posts written by the students in their courses. The level of privacy the users expect can be ensured and won’t be visible for the filtered student users or instructors .
