# Process
## Collaboration
As a team we decided our main medium used for communication will be Slack. We created a Slack team and created channels to separate individual topics that we discussed. We remained in constant communication and responded to messages in a timely manner. We had a team meeting once after lecture to discuss the general plan of what we are making. In the later parts of the project, we are planning to meet once per week for the Scrum meeting and updates. For the files, we decided to use Google Docs first to compose the documents before converting them to Markdown files. This way, the collaboration is easier and everyone can edit the files at the same time. 
 
## Making Decisions
Since we are using Google Docs, we can see other people’s ideas easily by reading the sections that have been edited and when we can create multiple versions of a file (brainstorm ideas) and combine them together or choose one of them at the end as a team. Each decision a member attempted to make will be discussed in Slack at the corresponding channels. Agreement will be attained after the online group discussion as each member has the opportunity to express their opinions regarding the points raised by one another. Questions are encouraged to be mentioned in Slack because we need to ensure each member is clear about the decision and choice the group as a whole is about to conclude. 
 
## Priority of User Stories
The meetings are hosted in particular for determining the necessity and priority of each user story. The Scrum poker technique is used to vote for the priority of the user stories and the length of completing a user story. Each voting may take two to three rounds as the agreement cannot easily be achieved in a group of six. Also, we are willing to listen to the distinct opinion hold by each team member so in each round of voting, the team member that owns unique opinion regarding the priority or the length can spend enough time elaborating his or her thought and decide whether or not he or she will support the idea of the majority.
 
## Lessons To Learn For Next Phases
The communications among team members are encouraged for all future sprints since it helps the resolution of hard problems. The online meeting is an efficient way to quickly keep in touch with each team member as the regular offline meeting can be unrealistic when the semester gets busier. The voting on the priority of user stories and length of time the user stories take will be organized in the upcoming group meeting as the unpredictable problems may emerge during the implementations of related functions. 
