# Release 3 Planning Meeting
---
##### July 5th 2017 | 17:30 - 18:00
***


1. The job assignments have been discussed and completed for the third sprint under the guide of product owner. Only minor adjustments have been made to one or two remained user stories as the most challenging user stories have been implemented. The user stories with low rank of priority and long estimated time are dropped based on the decision of the entire group. Some planned features are also scrapped because of the minor changes applied to the design of the product. As the codes become larger, some team members have been assigned the task to ensure the consistency between the backend functions and the database. The work regarding AWS server and database will increase since the files originally stored in the local server will be uploaded to AWS Bucket. Larger space of storage becomes necessary as more functionalities are implemented. The specific steps of employing AWS Bucket will be discussed by the respobsible team members instead of being nuanced during the meeting.
2. The details of implementing some particular features have been mentioned during the meeting. Instead of actually deleting the classroom from the database, the users just need to leave the classrooms to turn the notifications off from their accounts. Also, the size of users' profile photo will be limited so warnings will be sent to the users if their selected profile photos exceed the expected range of size. The role of classroom manager have been cancelled and combined with the regular classroom visitors for the lack of necessity to delete classrooms. For the database, arributes of the BLOB datatype will be created to store the profile photos updated by the users. 
3. Discussion has been made on whether or not the source code will be publicized although final conclusion has not been reached. Heroku may be the choice to be the host of our product. Further details are still going to be discussed.
4. The definition of dones have been discussed again and remain identical to the last sprint. The majority of the features are unchanged while some features are scrapped due to small fixes applied to the design. Hence, the velocity of this sprint declines with some points. No additional user story is added to this sprint as it is the last stage of the project
5.  The meeting is completed with efficiency and success. All features are expected to complete until the end of this sprint and before the next demo. According to the discussion among the group members, the scrum meetings and the meeting regarding the final presentation will both be hosted right after the third demo. 
