# Release 2 Planning Meeting
---
##### June 20th 2017 | 16:30 - 17:00
***


1. The meeting has summarized the features we have completed in the previous sprint. The product owner has discussed the strengths and weaknesses that occured in our corporation. Similar with the Release Planning Meeting from the last sprint, new tasks have been analyzed and assigned to each team member. The distribution of the tasks is guided by our product owner after he negotiated with each individual team member. Adjustments have been applied to the values and priorities of a few user stories planned for both this sprint and the next sprint. Some user stories have merged with others such as the implementation of land-in page being combined with users profile.
2. AWS server and the embedded database have been important topics during the meeting. Instead of testing our implementation on the temporary and simplified data tables, AWS database will be adopted since MYSQL is adaptable with AWS server. The mysql command lines we wrote in our backend code will be valid so no change will be necessary to make. The detailed design of database may be subject to minor modifications for conveniently completing the backend functions. 
3. The definitions of done constantly experience small changes as the reality differs from our plans at the beginning. The majority remains constant as the skeleton of the project overall is fixed. 
4. The velocity of sprint 2 changes as some functions planned for this sprint are finished in sprint 1 to our surprise. In order to keep the consistency of sprint velocity, at least one user story has been moved from sprint 3 to sprint 2. This can also gain our efficiency for completing the project. As the difficulty level of the tasks in this sprint increases from the last one, the product owner encourages frequent communication in slack or meetup at school campus. 
5. The meeting is completed with efficiency and success. The features for next demo has also been determined. All team members agree on the time schedule for the next scrum meeting and release planning meeting. 